{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\b ViewController\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) Set the background of the original view controller to red\
2) Drag in a button\
3) Add an IBAction to ViewController.swift    
\i  @IBAction func buttonClicked() \{\}
\i0 \
4) Connect the button and the action\
5) Give view controller a property named count.    
\i var count: Int = 0
\i0 \
\

\b Add OrangeViewController.swift\

\b0 \
1) In Xcode menu, select File -> New -> File....   and create a swift file named OrangeViewController.swift\
2) Change "import Foundation" to "import UIKit"\
3) Write a class.  
\i class OrangeViewController: UIViewController \{\}
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4) Give the class an @IBOutlet named label\
5) Give the class an @IBAction named f
\i unc dismissMe() \{\}
\i0 \
6) Give the class a property name count.  var message: String?\
\
Now.... For the Storyboard.....\
\

\b Configure ViewController\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) Drag a button into ViewController\
2) Connect the button's "Touch Down" event to the view controller's buttonClicked action. \
3) Set the background color to red\
\

\b Create the OrangeViewController's Storyboard representation\

\b0 1) Drag a new UIViewConroller next to the first one. \
2) Select the yellow circle View Controller icon\
3) Go to the ID Inspector (looks like an id card. top of the right column)\
4) Set the class type to OrangeViewController\
5) Set the Storyboard ID to "Orange"\
\

\b Configure the OrangeViewController in Storyboard\

\b0 1) Drag in a button\
2) Connect the button's touch down event to the dismissMe action\
3) Drag in a label\
4) Connect the OrangeViewController's label outlet to the label\
\

\b Back To the Code....\

\b0 \

\b Write the ViewController's (red) logic.  Inside the buttonClicked() action\

\b0 1) Get an OrangeViewController from storyboard. \
2) When we get it, make sure to cast the return value to OrangeViewController using as!\
3) Bump up the count\
4) Set the orange view controller's message property...   ovc.message = "\\(count)"\
5) Modally present the orange view controller using self.present....\
\

\b  
\b0 1) Unwrap the message property\
2) If there is a value, put it into the label.text\
\
 }