{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b Setting up the Navigation View Controller In Storyboard\

\b0 \
1) Delete everything in the storyboard\
2) Drag in a Navigation Controller. (Notice that it brings a second view controller with it)\
3) Delete this second view controller\
4) Drag in a plain old View Controller\
5) Make the Navigation Controller the "Initial View Controller"\
        - In Storyboard, select the navigation controller's yellow icon\
        - Open the attribute inspector\
        - Click the 
\b Is Initial View Controller
\b0  box\
6) Make the plain view controller the "root" view controller of the navigation controller\
        - Control Click on the yellow icon for the Navigation Controller\
        - Drag from the 
\b  root view controller 
\b0 circle to to the plain view controller\
7) Make the plain view controller red, for style. \
\

\b Create RedViewController.swift\

\b0 \
1) Create a file name RedViewController. (File -> New File ...)\
2) Inside the fine, create a class named RedViewController, a subclass of UIViewController \
3) Give it an @IBAction named "navigateToBlueUsingAllCode"\
4) Give it another @IBAction named "navigateToBlueUsingManualSegue"\
\

\b Create BlueViewController.swift\

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1) Create a file name BlueViewController. (File -> New File ...)\
2) Inside the fine, create a class named BlueViewController, a subclass of UIViewController \
3) Give it an @IBOutlet named theLabel. \
4) Give it a property name message. A String!\
5) Override the viewWillAppear method. Set self.theLabel.text = self.message\
\

\b Configure the red view controller in Storyboard\
\

\b0 1) Click on the yellow view controller icon in the red view controller, click identify inspector in right margin, set class to RedViewController\
2) Drag in three buttons, labeled 
\b Code
\b0 , 
\b Manual-Segue
\b0 , 
\b Action-Segue\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 3) Control click on Code button. Drag from Touch Down up the the yellow view controller icon. let go. select navigateToBlueUsingAllCode\
4) Control click on Manual-Segue. Drag from Touch Down up the the yellow view controller icon. let go. select navigateToBlueUsingManualSegue\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Configure the blue view controller in Storyboard\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) Drag another UIViewController into the storyboard, drop it to the right of the red one\
2) Set its background to blue, for style\
3) Click on the yellow view controller icon, click identify inspector in right margin, set class to BlueViewController\
4) Drag in a label. Do some layout if you want. \
5) Control click on the yellow view controller icon. Drag from the 
\b label
\b0  outlet to the label \
\

\b Now, finally, make some segues in Storyboard\

\b0 1) In the red view controller Control click on the Action-Segue button. Drag from 
\b action
\b0  (Under Segues) to the blue view controller. Let go and click 
\b show
\b0 .\
2) Click on the new segue. In the attribute inspector set the identifier to "ActionSegue"\
3) Control click on the yellow view controller icon, drag from 
\b manual
\b0  (under Segues) to the blue view controller. Leg to and click 
\b show
\b0 . \
2) Click on the new segue. In the attribute inspector set the identifier to "ManualSegue1"\
\
The rest of the changes are in the code. In the methods inside RedViewController. See if you can match the code to the different clicks. \
}